Document the Dockerfile in the project template (#4853)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/reference/project_template.rst

        .. tip::

            On production servers, we recommend that you only store secrets in ``local.py`` (such as API keys and passwords). This can save you headaches in the future if you are ever trying to debug why a server is behaving badly. If you are using multiple servers which need different settings then we recommend that you create a different ``production.py`` file for each one.

Dockerfile
----------

Location: ``/mysite/Dockerfile``

> Contains configuration for building and deploying the site as a `Docker <https://docs.docker.com/>`_ container. To set up Docker for your project, run:

Reviewer: I kept reading "To set up Docker for your project" and my mind went to "oh, there will be steps to set up Docker itself.

Maybe something like:

```suggestion
Contains configuration for building and deploying the site as a `Docker <https://docs.docker.com/>`_ container. To build and use the Docker image for your project, run:
```
